# C-code-for-STM32

Also, you can watch this youtube video [click on this link](https://youtu.be/eeaEhFO0umk?si=uh1QBZnFDyWW-1xR) to understand what the code implements for clearly

The main purpose of this study is to learn the logic of the finite state machine for microcontroller embedded systems and to develop a code on this logic. The KIVA ROBOTS system, which is working in the Amazon cargo company, has been accepted to form the basis of this study. It is aimed to create a small model similar to a prototype of this system. The two mobile robots are equipped with basic equipment capable of moving between four different locations and carrying loads. The black lane tracking method is used for road tracking, a distance sensor is used to detect the other robot. In this study, a path tracking protocol was developed by using the same code of two robots, and the automaton and code of the system were designed based on this protocol. For this purpose, a main automata including six sub-automata was designed. In total, there are seven automata in this system.
The main program to operate the system is coded on an STM32 type microcontroller. A C code consisting of 800 lines has been developed that provides mobility in accordance with the purposes.
This code is written according to automata and path tracking protocol structures. As a result, the developed path tracking protocol and the resulting automaton ensured the safe control of the mobile robot and successfully fulfilled the desired task.
